project-plan.md, before:

# 🗂️ Project Plan

This file outlines and connects all main tasks to subtasks, maps resposibilties with assigned contributors and records each task's progress.


## Main Tasks 

| Task | Contributors | Progress |
|------|--------------|----------|
| [1️⃣ Set up GitHub](#1️⃣-set-up-github) | Robert | ✅ Completed |
| [2️⃣ Create Tasks and Assign Work to Members](#2️⃣-create-tasks-and-assign-work-to-members) | Khadeeja | 🔄 In Progress |
| [3️⃣ Task Estimation in Scrum](#3️⃣-task-estimation-in-scrum) | Alex, Margarita | 🔄 In Progress |
| [4️⃣ Code Reviews](#4️⃣-code-reviews) | Alex, Margarita, Robert | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [5️⃣ Testing](#5️⃣-testing) | Robert, Khadeeja | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [6️⃣ Handbook Introduction](#6️⃣-handbook-introduction) | Khadeeja, Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [7️⃣ Final Alterations](#7️⃣-final-alterations) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [8️⃣ Team Reflection](#8️⃣-team-reflection) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [9️⃣ Contribution Table Summary](#9️⃣-contribution-table-summary) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


**Task Porgress Key:**
>  &nbsp; ✅ — Completed &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔄 — In Progress &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ⬜️ — Not Started

&nbsp;
## Sub-Tasks 

### 1️⃣ Set up GitHub  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Create a GitHub repository | Robert | ✅ Completed |
| 2 | Invite all team members | Robert | ✅ Completed |


### 2️⃣ Create Tasks and Assign Work to Members

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | List all major tasks and subtasks in the project plan | Khadeeja | ✅ Completed  |
| 2 | Assign members to tasks | Khadeeja | 🔄 In Progress |
| 3 | Follow up with team members on their progress until completion | Khadeeja | 🔄 In Progress |


### 3️⃣ Task Estimation in Scrum  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Write introduction | Margarita | 🔄 In Progress |
| 2 | Add steps to the Implentation Guide | Alex | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add points to Common Pitfalls | Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add relevant diagrams/visuals (if applicable) | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Refrence resources | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 6 | Confirm 500–1000 word limit in Markdown | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 7 | Submit Pull Request |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 8 | Review and merge to main | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 4️⃣ Code Reviews  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Write introduction |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Add steps to the Implentation Guide |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add points to Common Pitfalls |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add relevant diagrams/visuals (if applicable) |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Refrence resources |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 6 | Confirm 500–1000 word limit in Markdown |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 7 | Submit Pull Request |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 8 | Review and merge to main |  | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 5️⃣ Testing    

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Write introduction |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Add steps to the Implentation Guide |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add points to Common Pitfalls |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add relevant diagrams/visuals (if applicable) |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Refrence resources |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 6 | Confirm 500–1000 word limit in Markdown |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 7 | Submit Pull Request |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 8 | Review and merge to main |  | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 6️⃣ Handbook Introduction  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Outline purpose of the handbook | Khadeeja | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Describe how to navigate the repository |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Write brief descriptions of each topic |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add internal links to each topic file |  | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Submit PR and merge to main |  | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 7️⃣ Final Alterations  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Ensure word limit is 500-1000 for all topics | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Proofread for mistakes/improvements | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Confirm links, diagrams and formatting | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Double-check all sections are merged | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 8️⃣ Team Reflection  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Collect project feedback from all members | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Write team reflections (what to improve next time) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add to final section of repository | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Submit PR and merge to main | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 9️⃣ Contribution Table Summary
 
|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Fill out individual contribution table | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Have contributions verified by other team members | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |

Commit message:

Assign team members to remaining subtasks in project-plan.md

project-plan.md, after:

# 🗂️ Project Plan

This file outlines and connects all main tasks to subtasks, maps resposibilties with assigned contributors and records each task's progress.


## Main Tasks 

| Task | Contributors | Progress |
|------|--------------|----------|
| [1️⃣ Set up GitHub](#1️⃣-set-up-github) | Robert | ✅ Completed |
| [2️⃣ Create Tasks and Assign Work to Members](#2️⃣-create-tasks-and-assign-work-to-members) | Khadeeja | 🔄 In Progress |
| [3️⃣ Task Estimation in Scrum](#3️⃣-task-estimation-in-scrum) | Alex, Margarita | 🔄 In Progress |
| [4️⃣ Code Reviews](#4️⃣-code-reviews) | Alex, Margarita, Robert | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [5️⃣ Testing](#5️⃣-testing) | Robert, Khadeeja | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [6️⃣ Handbook Introduction](#6️⃣-handbook-introduction) | Khadeeja, Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [7️⃣ Final Alterations](#7️⃣-final-alterations) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [8️⃣ Team Reflection](#8️⃣-team-reflection) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| [9️⃣ Contribution Table Summary](#9️⃣-contribution-table-summary) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


**Task Porgress Key:**
>  &nbsp; ✅ — Completed &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 🔄 — In Progress &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ⬜️ — Not Started

&nbsp;
## Sub-Tasks 

### 1️⃣ Set up GitHub  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Create a GitHub repository | Robert | ✅ Completed |
| 2 | Invite all team members | Robert | ✅ Completed |


### 2️⃣ Create Tasks and Assign Work to Members

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | List all major tasks and subtasks in the project plan | Khadeeja | ✅ Completed  |
| 2 | Assign members to tasks | Khadeeja | 🔄 In Progress |
| 3 | Follow up with team members on their progress until completion | Khadeeja | 🔄 In Progress |


### 3️⃣ Task Estimation in Scrum  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Write introduction | Margarita | 🔄 In Progress |
| 2 | Add steps to the Implentation Guide | Alex | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add points to Common Pitfalls | Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add relevant diagrams/visuals (if applicable) | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Refrence resources | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 6 | Confirm 500–1000 word limit in Markdown | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 7 | Submit Pull Request | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 8 | Review and merge to main | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 4️⃣ Code Reviews  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Write introduction | Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Add steps to the Implentation Guide | Alex | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add points to Common Pitfalls | Robert | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add relevant diagrams/visuals (if applicable) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Refrence resources | Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 6 | Confirm 500–1000 word limit in Markdown | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 7 | Submit Pull Request | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 8 | Review and merge to main | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 5️⃣ Testing    

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Write introduction | Robert | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Add steps to the Implentation Guide | Robert | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add points to Common Pitfalls | Khadeeja | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add relevant diagrams/visuals (if applicable) | Both | ⬜️ Not Started|
| 5 | Refrence resources | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 6 | Confirm 500–1000 word limit in Markdown | Khadeeja | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 7 | Submit Pull Request | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 8 | Review and merge to main | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 6️⃣ Handbook Introduction  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Outline purpose of the handbook | Khadeeja | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Describe how to navigate the repository | Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Write brief descriptions of each topic | Khadeeja | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Add internal links to each topic file | Margarita | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Submit PR and merge to main | Both | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 7️⃣ Final Alterations  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Ensure word limit is 500-1000 for all topics | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Proofread for mistakes/improvements | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Confirm links, diagrams and formatting | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 4 | Double-check all sections are merged | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 8️⃣ Team Reflection  

|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Collect project feedback from all members | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Write team reflections (what to improve next time) | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 3 | Add to final section of repository | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 5 | Submit PR and merge to main | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |


### 9️⃣ Contribution Table Summary
 
|   | Subtask | Assigned To | Status |
|---|---------|-------------|--------|
| 1 | Fill out individual contribution table | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
| 2 | Have contributions verified by other team members | All Members | ⬜️ Not Started |
